[Music]
eleven tips to flirt like a bro are you
looking to spice up your life with some
attractive people how about starting a
romantic relationship with that friend
or acquaintance you can't stop thinking
about well Brightside is here to help
you with this handy guide to flirting
the concept of flirting might seem
overwhelming or awkward but it's a skill
like any other the more you learn about
it and the more you practice it the
better you'll get
don't worry it's normal to be a little
nervous around someone you like but
these tips can help set you at ease so
that you'll be confident and comfortable
the key to flirting is balance reveal
your feelings but keep the person
intrigued and wanting to know more as
well you want them to think about you
the way you think about them you want
them to feel special and flattered and
comfortable with you
always remember that flirting might not
work you may try to flirt with someone
who just isn't interested in you in that
way and that's okay
if you aren't getting positive signs
back off look elsewhere
persistence may work in the movies but
it just comes off as creepy in real life
pay attention to the feelings of the
person you're flirting with and be wary
of that line one
watch for warning signs don't set
yourself up for failure by flirting with
someone who is not receptive we all have
behaviors we practice when we aren't
receptive to an approach if your crush
is sitting on a bus legs folded earbuds
in reading a book or working on a laptop
leave them alone
if they're on a run at the gym with
their earbuds in totally focused on what
they're doing they're not interested in
flirting this is especially the case
with women who typically deal with a lot
more unwanted attention than men do
the bottom line do not approach someone
who doesn't want to be approached do not
try to force someone to talk to you
respect their space and boundaries
particularly for men pursuing women you
might well develop a crush on a woman
who mocks men who do things like ask for
consent or give people space it's okay
to pursue such a person but be careful
they might be dealing with trust issues
or a distorted sense of how a romantic
relationship should work go slowly and
be respectful of their boundaries and
needs to
Gai contact we don't mean stare that's
weird but make eye contact with a person
you find attractive a shared glance is
one of the most intimate things we can
do without touching each other you'll
learn a lot about a person by meeting
their eyes and watching their expression
try the following get caught looking
toss some glances their way until they
catch you hold the gaze for a second
watch their expression then smile and
look away in a conversation look into
their eyes particularly when they're
talking about something they really like
or is meaningful to them you should also
do this when you're complimenting them
to convey your sincerity depending on
the mood try winking or raising your
eyebrows it often comes across as funny
but if you time it right it can lighten
things up and make you interesting try
doing it from across a room when you're
in a group say something that makes
everyone laugh that you secretly mean
mostly for the person in question this
can foster a sense of intimacy in which
both of you know something that no one
else does 3 smile our expressions reveal
a lot about our feelings and a smile is
especially good at conveying a sense of
friendliness and interest show your
crush you like them with a real genuine
smile if you're good with those pearly
whites you can give yourself an
advantage before you even start talking
try these
smile at your crush when you pass them
in the halls not a big goofy grin just
something simple and easy natural let
your face light up smile slowly if a
smile gradually spreads over your face
when you see someone it looks like you
just can't help it this can also be very
sexy in the right setting smile when you
make eye contact
this adds extra weight to the intimacy
of locking eyes if it's a genuine smile
it will crinkle your eyes this is a
Duchene smile and it's sometimes called
smiling with your eyes 4 start simply
cheesy pickup lines often do more harm
than good
so start with a comfortable easy line of
dialogue say hello and introduce
yourself especially if you don't know
each other well or at all make sure you
learn your crushes name if you don't
already know it it's easy to forget a
name in the heat of the moment so try
repeating it after they say
to wire it into your memory say
something like Rachelle what a pretty
name
or Richard nice a trickier but
potentially effective option here is to
make the exchange of names of flirty
challenge this works best when your
crush approaches you and asks for your
name you might say something like well
who do I look like if they really want
to know your name they'll guess or ask
around five be a conversationalist
to flirt you've generally got to be able
to talk and we've got you covered here
you want your crush to feel comfortable
but also impressed by your confidence
and intrigue to learn more about you
practice this by talking to strangers
strike up a conversation about something
easily observed like the weather or if
there are a lot of people gathered
around you find common ground with a
person if you already know them this is
probably easy talk about something you
both know about ur life perhaps an
academic subject or a TV show
maybe it's the class you share or the
restaurant you're currently eating it
the point is to invite them to interact
with you in an easy comfortable way on a
topic they're familiar with if your
crush responds pleasantly keep chatting
if they don't respond or seem
preoccupied or disinterested stop
they're not interested in flirting with
you tell them to have a nice day and
find someone else to talk to absolutely
do not berate them for ignoring you not
only will they never flirt with you but
getting a reputation for being impolite
will not help your chances with others 6
keep it light as the conversation
continues keep it light
don't bring up anything too personal or
controversial avoid topics like religion
money and politics don't talk about your
ex or say that you're looking for a
relationship that starts to sound pushy
generally avoid debating topics that are
personally relevant to either you or
them and stick to subjects neither of
you has a personal stake in sometimes
you can bring up something offbeat or
unexpected and it will capture your
crushes interest be playful don't take
yourself too seriously you want to come
off as fun not intense be a little silly
high-five or fist bump your crush when
they say something funny or clever and
try to relax be a little
self-deprecating or tell a story about
doing something silly but
like wearing mismatched socks to an
interview some fun and light-hearted
topics to consider pets particularly if
you have the same number of pets TV
particularly something superficial like
reality TV and if your crush hates
reality TV you can easily join them and
laughing at it slightly embarrassing
experiences particularly when it all
ended up fine with everyone laughing
vacations specifically places you've
loved visiting or look forward to
checking out one day basically your goal
in the conversation is to seem real and
genuine without being too intense don't
put too much pressure on yourself over
the course of the conversation just be
comfortable around them 7 listen to your
body language human beings use body
language to convey their intentions and
thoughts just as much as they use words
according to some psychologists most of
our communication is nonverbal you're
communicating with your body
and so is your crush if they're closed
off you might want to stop trying to
flirt consider these signals an open
stance conveys interest in the other
person if you cross your arms or legs
that's a sign of discomfort or wanting
to close yourself off from someone we
turn our bodies to face people we're
interested in stand or sit so you're
facing your crush and angle your torso
towards them sometimes even pointing
your feet in their direction can be
suggestive if you're looking or pointing
away it might look like you're bored or
disinterested play with your hair this
one is particularly for the ladies if
you're touching your hair during a
conversation it usually indicates
anxious energy which may be the result
of your interest if you want to make it
clearer slowly twirl a strand of hair
around your finger as you talk 8 break
the touch barrier this is tricky you
should never touch anyone without their
permission but sometimes that permission
is implied rather than directly stated
if it's unclear whether your crush would
be comfortable with a touch just go
ahead and ask the fact that you care
about their feelings and respect their
consent is a sign of respect and
kindness if you think you're crushed
wants to be touched but hasn't said
anything casually touch them on the
forearm as you talk or brush against
them if you're sitting next to each
other remember when we talked about
women
their hair while flirting if you touch
your crushes hair while flirting and
they let you that can be powerful
especially if they're proud of their
hair if they seem uncomfortable or ask
you to stop immediately do so it means
you misread the situation take no for an
answer and don't try it again until they
initiate contact depending on where you
live
hugs or even kisses might be a fairly
common gesture between flirtatious
friends if that's the case make sure you
offer a hug or kiss but don't put any
pressure on them to accept if they don't
that's fine just roll with it whatever
you do don't be humiliated or take
offense at rejection after all it's up
to them whether you are allowed to touch
them or not if they turn down a touch
accept that rejection with good grace 9
compliment early compliment often we all
like compliments and you should use them
when flirting maintain eye contact smile
and show your sincere don't make up a
compliment for something you don't think
about them or don't know this will come
off as fake offer genuine compliments
offer a compliment early in the
conversation lower your voice a little
to make it sound a bit more intimate and
maybe even sexy it might also draw your
crushin closer to here you try to weave
the compliment into the conversation
naturally you don't want it to sound
dropped in if your crush is talking
about having a bad day saying no that's
not okay you are too awesome for that
kind of bad luck there's no reason not
to do your homework to prepare yourself
for this think about what you really
admire about a person consider their
interests and what you know about them
if you really admire something they do
like if they Foster stray cats and help
them find forever homes
tell themself be very careful about
complementing their looks even if that's
what originally drew you to them this
can come off as extremely superficial
try to look deeper and mixing
compliments about non-physical features
if you want to compliment your crushes
looks go for one of these their eyes
especially if you can think of a cool
unusual descriptor for their color tryto
Pass instead of hazel their smile but be
careful not to tell them the smile which
can come off as a little
sexist their hair particularly about the
cool style or how it feels ten keep it
short and sweet
remember that when supply is low demand
rises so try to keep your interactions
brief don't flirt with your crush every
day but aim for a few times a week when
we rarely get to do something it becomes
more special talk for just a few minutes
and don't drag on about any particular
subject keep moving and avoid awkward
silences let your crush come to you once
you've sparked an interest too much
attention will smother it and you'll
come off as too intense see if they
approach you rather than the other way
around
if they do that's a good sign that your
flirtation is both welcome and
potentially going to lead to a closer
relationship 11 be honest make it clear
what you want as much as you might find
yourself frustrated when you can't tell
what your crush wants imagine how they
feel if your crush ever asks you what
you're looking for just be honest and
that means being honest with yourself as
well as with your crush if you haven't
thought about it before give it some
thought now is this someone you want to
date are you flirting because it's fun
and you get a little charge out of it or
now that you've reached this point are
you okay with just leaving things as
they are if you both want to take your
flirtatious relationship further
congratulations go for it
express your interest in going on a date
suggest a couple of options and ask for
their opinion if they tell you they
aren't interested in a relationship take
them at their word rejection happens and
every potential relationship fails until
one doesn't don't take it personally or
react with any negativity just smile nod
and walk away remember that you can have
flirtatious relationships with people
that don't have to be romantic if you
and your crush agree to keep your
friendship the way it is
including the flirting go ahead and do
it these can be extremely rewarding
relationships that teach you a lot about
people if nothing else having a
flirtatious friend will give you plenty
of practice did any of our tips help you
was there anything we missed
let us know in the comments below and
don't forget to leave a like on our
video share it with your friends and
subscribe to always stay on the Brite
side of life
[Music]